Well, hello there. What took you so long?
Well, I was in the train…
We don't have time for this.
I have come here because a brilliant society wants to take you in.
But first you'll have to prove us you are worth for that honor.
What society?
We are a group of people that believe that the sun is still alive somewhere.
Where?
You are really spirited!
Past the town and the aristocracy.
Am I going by myself?
Of course not, little one! Here you go.
These gloves can control the light of the bottles.
In case you need to defend yourself, just hold Z and release to shoot.
Try destroying that fallen tree that's blocking the way to town.
You got the gloves!
...What am I supposed to do?
We have knowledge that they are keeping the sun god in his temple.
We need your help to save him and bring the light to everyone again.
By myself?
Don´t worry, it’s not like we are throwing you alone on this mission.
We’re not going with you either, but take this. These gloves can control the light of the bottles.
In case you need to defend yourself, just hold Z and release to shoot.
Try destroying that fallen tree that's blocking the way to town.
You got the gloves!
What do I have to do?
Ah, I like that spirit!
We have knowledge that they are keeping the sun god in the sun temple.
We need your help to save him and bring the light to everyone again.
Where’s this temple?
Who are you?
Nice to meet you, little one.
I’m Amir, a member of the Sun order, your best way towards enlightenment.
We currently have a vacancy open, would you like to join?
Sun order?
As you know, the god of the sun was kidnapped a long time ago. We are a group of nobles that believe that he’s still alive somewhere.
We are seeking for loyal, kind and strong people to help us defeat the darkness.
But first you'll have to prove you are worth it.
Why me?
Because not anyone steals a bottle for someone else.
I understand you have quite a sense of justice.
...!
Yes, we know, but we praise you for it.

Have you been spying on me?
Sorry, not sorry

You got the gloves!

What’s wrong, little one? Couldn’t destroy the fallen tree?
Try holding Z or J to charge and release it to shoot.